CNV-37647: Added table comparing bridge CNI and OVN-K localnet (#79192)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/vm_networking/virt-networking-overview.adoc

. xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-ovn-secondary-network.adoc#attaching-vm-to-ovn-secondary-nw[Connect the VM to the OVN-Kubernetes secondary network] by adding the network details to the VM specification.

[id="comparing-bridge-localnet"]
=== Comparing Linux bridge CNI and OVN-Kubernetes localnet topology

The following table provides a comparison of features available when using the Linux bridge CNI versus the localnet topology for an OVN-Kubernetes plug-in:

.Linux bridge CNI compared to an OVN-Kubernetes localnet topology
[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
|Feature
|Available on Linux bridge CNI
|Available on OVN-Kubernetes localnet

|Layer 2 access to the underlay native network	
|Only on secondary Network Interface Cards (NICs)
|Yes

|Layer 2 access to underlay VLANs
|Yes
|Yes

|Network policies
|No
|Yes

|Managed IP pools
|No
|Yes

|MAC spoof filtering
|Yes

> |No

Reviewer: wait, this is not right. We do support MAC spoof filtering on localnet.

. xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-ovn-secondary-network.adoc#attaching-vm-to-ovn-secondary-nw[Connect the VM to the OVN-Kubernetes secondary network] by adding the network details to the VM specification.

// Hiding from ROSA/OSD as Linux Bridge is not supported
ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
[id="comparing-bridge-localnet"]
=== Comparing Linux bridge CNI and OVN-Kubernetes localnet topology

> The following table provides a comparison of features available when using the Linux bridge CNI versus the localnet topology for an OVN-Kubernetes plug-in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table provides a comparison of features available when using the Linux bridge CNI versus the localnet topology for an OVN-Kubernetes plugin:
```
Consistent with named term in core docs: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/about-ovn-kubernetes.html

.Linux bridge CNI compared to an OVN-Kubernetes localnet topology
[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
|Feature
|Available on Linux bridge CNI
|Available on OVN-Kubernetes localnet

|Layer 2 access to the underlay native network	

> |Only on secondary Network Interface Cards (NICs)

Reviewer 2: See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#network-interface-card.

![Uploading Screenshot from 2024-07-29 16-25-20.png…]()
